Beta docs for compare changes (#5903)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/ci-jobs.md

    - **Description** &mdash; Provide a description about the CI job.
    - **Environment** &mdash; By default, it’s set to the environment you created the CI job from. Use the dropdown to change the default setting. 

1. Options in the **Git trigger** section:
    - **Triggered by pull requests** &mdash; By default, it’s enabled. Every time a developer opens up a pull request or pushes a commit to an existing pull request, this job will get triggered to run.
      - **Run on draft pull request** &mdash; Enable this option if you want to also trigger the job to run every time a developer opens up a draft pull request or pushes a commit to that draft pull request. 

1. Options in the **Execution settings** section:
    - **Commands** &mdash; By default, it includes the `dbt build --select state:modified+` command. This informs dbt Cloud to build only new or changed models and their downstream dependents. Importantly, state comparison can only happen when there is a deferred environment selected to compare state to. Click **Add command** to add more [commands](/docs/deploy/job-commands)  that you want to be invoked when this job runs.

>     - **Run compare changes**<Lifecycle status="beta" /> &mdash; Enable this option to compare the last applied state of the production environment (if one exists) with the latest changes from the pull request, and identify what those differences are. To review the comparison report, browse to the [Compare tab](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#compare-tab) in the job run's details. A summary of the report is also available from the pull request in your Git provider (see [example](#example-ci-report)).

Author: make sure to add step for setting the Advanced CI option in account settings

Reviewer: Also need a note somewhere here about setting up PKs/constraints/uniqueness tests like we talked about

    - **Compare changes against an environment (Deferral)** &mdash; By default, it’s set to the **Production** environment if you created one. This option allows dbt Cloud to check the state of the code in the PR against the code running in the deferred environment, so as to only check the modified code, instead of building the full table or the entire DAG.

      :::info

>       Older versions of dbt Cloud only allow you to defer to a specific job instead of an environment. Deferral to a job compares state against the project code that was run in the deferred job's last successful run. While deferral to an environment is more efficient as dbt Cloud will compare against the project representation (which is stored in the `manifest.json`) of the last successful deploy job run that executed in the deferred environment. By considering _all_ [deploy jobs](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs) that run in the deferred environment, dbt Cloud will get a more accurate, latest project representation state.

Reviewer: Should we remove the "while" here?

      :::

>     - **Run timeout** &mdash; Cancel this CI job if the run time exceeds the timeout value. You can use this option to help ensure that a CI check doesn't consume too much of your warehouse resources.

Reviewer: We talked about adding in the note on the default when compare changes is enabled. I think that's already there somewhere

1. On your deployment environment page, click **Create job** > **Continuous integration job** to create a new CI job. 

1. Options in the **Job settings** section:
    - **Job name** &mdash; Specify the name for this CI job.
    - **Description** &mdash; Provide a description about the CI job.

>     - **Environment** &mdash; By default, it’s set to the environment you created the CI job from. Use the dropdown to change the default setting. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Environment** &mdash; By default, it’s set to the environment from which you created the CI job. Use the dropdown to change the default setting. 
```

1. Options in the **Git trigger** section:
    - **Triggered by pull requests** &mdash; By default, it’s enabled. Every time a developer opens up a pull request or pushes a commit to an existing pull request, this job will get triggered to run.
      - **Run on draft pull request** &mdash; Enable this option if you want to also trigger the job to run every time a developer opens up a draft pull request or pushes a commit to that draft pull request. 

1. Options in the **Execution settings** section:
    - **Commands** &mdash; By default, it includes the `dbt build --select state:modified+` command. This informs dbt Cloud to build only new or changed models and their downstream dependents. Importantly, state comparison can only happen when there is a deferred environment selected to compare state to. Click **Add command** to add more [commands](/docs/deploy/job-commands)  that you want to be invoked when this job runs.

>     - **Run compare changes**<Lifecycle status="beta" /> &mdash; Enable this option to compare the last applied state of the production environment (if one exists) with the latest changes from the pull request, and identify what those differences are. To enable record-level comparison and primary key analysis, make sure to indicate the primary key of your model by adding a [primary key constraint](/reference/resource-properties/constraints) or [uniqueness test](/reference/resource-properties/data-tests#unique). Otherwise, you'll receive a "Primary key missing" error message in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer 2: The "indicate" language here was a little fuzzy
```suggestion
    - **Run compare changes**<Lifecycle status="beta" /> &mdash; Enable this option to compare the last applied state of the production environment (if one exists) with the latest changes from the pull request, and identify what those differences are. To enable record-level comparison and primary key analysis, you must add a [primary key constraint](/reference/resource-properties/constraints) or [uniqueness test](/reference/resource-properties/data-tests#unique). Otherwise, you'll receive a "Primary key missing" error message in dbt Cloud.
```

>       To review the comparison report, browse to the [Compare tab](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#compare-tab) in the job run's details. A summary of the report is also available from the pull request in your Git provider (see [example](#example-ci-report)). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      To review the comparison report, navigate to the [Compare tab](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#compare-tab) in the job run's details. A summary of the report is also available from the pull request in your Git provider (see the [CI report example](#example-ci-report)). 
```

    - **Compare changes against an environment (Deferral)** &mdash; By default, it’s set to the **Production** environment if you created one. This option allows dbt Cloud to check the state of the code in the PR against the code running in the deferred environment, so as to only check the modified code, instead of building the full table or the entire DAG.

>       :::info

Reviewer 2: Should we add something to this section about versionless so they won't have to worry about older versions in the future?

Author: good shout! lemme follow up on this with team and handle as a fast-follow.

      Older versions of dbt Cloud only allow you to defer to a specific job instead of an environment. Deferral to a job compares state against the project code that was run in the deferred job's last successful run. Deferral to an environment is more efficient as dbt Cloud will compare against the project representation (which is stored in the `manifest.json`) of the last successful deploy job run that executed in the deferred environment. By considering _all_ [deploy jobs](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs) that run in the deferred environment, dbt Cloud will get a more accurate, latest project representation state.
      :::

>     - **Run timeout** &mdash; Cancel this CI job if the run time exceeds the timeout value. You can use this option to help ensure that a CI check doesn't consume too much of your warehouse resources. If you enabled the **Run compare changes** option, the timeout value defaults to `3600` (one hour) for preventing long-running comparisons. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Run timeout** &mdash; Cancel the CI job if the run time exceeds the timeout value. You can use this option to help ensure that a CI check doesn't consume too much of your warehouse resources. If you enable the **Run compare changes** option, the timeout value defaults to `3600` (one hour) to prevent long-running comparisons. 
```

    - **Target name** &mdash; Define the [target name](/docs/build/custom-target-names). Similar to **Environment Variables**, this option lets you customize the behavior of the project. You can use this option to specify that a CI job is running in a _Staging_ or _CI_ environment by setting the target name and modifying your project code to behave differently, depending on the context. 
    - **dbt version** &mdash; By default, it’s set to inherit the [dbt version](/docs/dbt-versions/core) from the environment. dbt Labs strongly recommends that you don't change the default setting. This option to change the version at the job level is useful only when you upgrade a project to the next dbt version; otherwise, mismatched versions between the environment and job can lead to confusing behavior.
    - **Threads** &mdash; By default, it’s set to 4 [threads](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/connection-profiles#understanding-threads). Increase the thread count to increase model execution concurrency.

>    - **Generate docs on run** &mdash; Enable this option if you want to [generate project docs](/docs/collaborate/build-and-view-your-docs) when this job runs. This option is disabled by default since most teams do not want to test doc generation on every CI check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Generate docs on run** &mdash; Enable this if you want to [generate project docs](/docs/collaborate/build-and-view-your-docs) when this job runs. This is disabled by default since testing doc generation on every CI check is not a recommended practice.
```

    - **Run source freshness** &mdash; Enable this option to invoke the `dbt source freshness` command before running this CI job. Refer to [Source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) for more details.

>    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/create-ci-job.png" width="90%" title="Example of CI Job page in dbt Cloud UI"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/create-ci-job.png" width="90%" title="Example of CI Job page in the dbt Cloud UI"/>
```

### Example of CI check in pull request {#example-ci-check}

> The following is an example of a CI check in a GitHub pull request. The green checkmark means the dbt build and tests were successful. Clicking on the dbt Cloud section navigates you to the relevant CI run in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a CI check in a GitHub pull request. The green checkmark means the dbt build and tests were successful. Clicking on the dbt Cloud section takes you to the relevant CI run in dbt Cloud.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/example-github-pr.png" width="60%" title="Example of CI check in GitHub pull request"/>

### Example of CI report in pull request <Lifecycle status="beta" /> {#example-ci-report}

> The following is an example of a CI report in a GitHub pull request, which is shown when the **Run compare changes** option is enabled for the CI job. It displays a high-level summary of the models that changed from the pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example is shown when the **Run compare changes** option is enabled for the CI job. It displays a high-level summary of the models that changed from the pull request.
```
